hey guys we will hear back no video you
see my sil vision unboxing and I've just
saw this on the side and it is my new
West Ham United membership pack is here
I am excited about this because you know
i'm a member of West I'm not season
ticket holder unfortunate because i work
saturdays so it'd be a waste of money so
my member hold it instead you noticed me
on call your weight gains cut up oh yeah
and i'm gonna do a little bummed boxing
on this suit so it comes muscle car pop
ups actually it's a three-lane compared
to last season's better wheres 2009-2010
this one before that it's disfraz 910
membership hack groups were actually
really nice up come little book this is
the 2010-2011 season min membership hack
comes out about that because of the DVD
the FA Cup final from 1980 this one she
little box right well let's open it see
what we go inside first off tip and
voucher yeah man I'm gonna get my new
shirt for that and we go like a little
history book about a West Ham United
thames ironworks FCS a river ridge me
called then we got two forms to fear for
half-price tickets against palace and
Bristol see at home because then oh is
it is awesome
gah pin says the Academy 2011 12 look in
there also got a key ring misplace the
key ring says 985 the membership package
is really crunched rained on and on when
they founded west am United the back
nine eighty-five and they've got a
beanie hat with the hammers a 985 I'm
chuffed about this a less time
everything so yeah and there we go cover
you whines this rebel last people left